Changes for DQI: attribute group management and missing image criteria (#776)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/md/what-is/understand-data-quality.md

This new capability helps you measure your data quality along two axes: **enrichment** and **consistency**.  
Each of these two axes has a score from A to E. The scores can be seen on several PIM screens.

::: tips

> By disabling chosen `attribute groups` in Akeneo `settings` , you can rate your enrichment and consistency status and progress on the most relevant product data for your end-customer needs. Therefore, you will get insights on what’s truly important to improve your Product Experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By disabling specific `attribute groups` in Akeneo `settings`, you can focus your enrichment and consistency status and progress on the most relevant product data for your end-customer needs. Therefore, you will get insights on what’s truly important to improve your Product Experience.
```

Reviewer: ⚠️ consistency in uppercases. Here enrichment and consistency are in lowercase but above, l.29, uppercases.

> By disabling specific `attribute groups` in Akeneo `settings`, you can focus your enrichment and consistency status and progress on the most relevant product data for your end-customer needs. Therefore, you will get insights on what’s truly important to improve your Product Experience.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By disabling specific attribute groups in Akeneo settings, you can focus your enrichment and consistency status and progress on the most relevant product data for your end-customer needs. Therefore, you will get insights on what’s truly important to improve your Product Experience.
```
